Update base64encode.md (#5117)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/base64encode.md

title: base64Encode Search Operator
sidebar_label: base64Encode
---

> The `base64Encode` operator takes an ASCII or non-ASCII string and converts it to base64 string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `base64Encode` operator takes an ASCII or non-ASCII string and converts it to a base64 string.
```

## Example

The following example returns `base64` with a value of `aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=`:

```sql
| base64Encode("hello world") as base64
```

The Base64Encode function supports encoding non-ASCII characters in addition to ASCII. The following example returns `base64` with a value of `5LiWIOOCiOOBhOOBoQ==`:

```sql

> |  base64encode("世 よいち") as base64

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| base64encode("世 よいち") as base64
```

```

:::note

> Make sure that the encoding format you are using matches the one with decoding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that the encoding format you use matches the decoding format.
```
